these are extraordinary times and we
face an extraordinary challenge the
dramatic achievements in space which
occurred in recent weeks should have
made clear to us all the impact of this
adventure on the minds of men everywhere
now it is time to take longer strides
time for a great new American Enterprise
time for this nation to take a clearly
leading role in space achievement which
in many ways may hold the key to our
future on earth I believe that this
nation should commit itself to achieving
the goal of landing a man on the moon
and returning him safely to the earth
[Music]
we set sail on this new sea because
there is new knowledge to be gained
and we help decide whether this new
ocean will be a sea of peace or a new
terrifying theater of law
but why some say the moon
why climb the highest mountain
we choose to go to the moon in this
decade and do the other things not
because they are easy but because they
are hard
[Music]